## ALTR PRESENTATION POINT BY POINT

 ## **Interview Pointers and structure from the prospect's point of view**
- lets see if I'm the right person to be talking to about solving the problem
- start with asking what they are looking to do
    - what are the pain points
    - how do you see AI improving what you're doing now?


# What ALTR is
- ALTR is the result of the need to free human schedulers and dispatchers from hours of wasted time performing tasks that an AI can do with ease. Efficient scheduling takes an exhorbitant amount of time to facilitate, time that would be better spent on managing other critical aspects of the business. The ALTR solution empowers schedulers and dispatchers with a custom model which learns the intricacies of their day to day dispatch and scheduling needs, while minimizing operating costs, and freeing up humans to be creative. While ALTR does not do all the work, it provides a solid, data driven analysis of the best possible scenario, leaving humans to apply a layer of creativity which is where human intellect is most efficacious. 


## **Big Picture**
Big picture. There are pain points to running an NEMT company. One of the major pain points is scheduling. Scheduling takes an incredible amount of time if you don't have some kind of AI generated solution that helps you solve the problems that are solvable but really difficult and really time consuming. So what author does is it takes one of those major pain points away from an NEMT company, the owner of the NEMT company, the scheduler, and allows them to focus on their energy on other important aspects of their business. 

Second major pain point aside from scheduling is accounts receivable. Do NEMT companies typically with only an owner and perhaps one office person if you're lucky to office people to help you run the company? I have the time to be able to pursue all the money that's out there. If you're busy doing the scheduling and it takes you four to five hours a day which it does take an operator of 20 or more cars to do, at least it did for us, that takes a person away from accounts receivable. So what it allows you to do is move into other areas like accounts receivable, making sure that you collect all the money that you've built for. It allows you to work on personnel issues. It allows you to work on maintenance. It allows you to work on other critical aspects of your business because now you don't have somebody sitting at a computer scheduling, doing one task, scheduling for three to five hours a day.

**Philosophy of why ALTR was developed:**
Let's start with who runs any EMT companies? How many people are available to help? Usually an EMT company has an owner. Oftentimes that owner has wears many hats, including driving. That owner is often responsible for every aspect and delegates some of that responsibility to maybe one office person, maybe two. The three pain points in any EMT are scheduling, which takes an incredible amount of time. Chasing down the money that your accounts receivable takes a tremendous amount of time and maintenance. Maintenance of the vehicle's making sure that they get to the mechanic and back again, and keeping track of everything that's going on there. What author does is take care of the first pain point. It makes scheduling easy, fast, accurate, and profitable. Then there is maintenance, which allows you to, since you're not scheduling it and you're not chasing about money, you know, spending nearly as much time in those two categories that allows you to focus on maintenance, find affordable solutions, and make sure that your vehicles are being service-centered, safe on the road.

So the reason that we developed the software that we did the guiding the guidepost was who's the owner of the company and what is the owner of the company have to accomplish on a daily basis. What ALTRed does and other products that we've developed is it takes a huge amount of time off the plate of the business owner so that instead of being involved in tedious everyday mundane yet mission-critical tasks. The business owner can then go to 30,000 feet, take a look at the big picture of the business and make it as profitable as they can possibly make it. End of comment. 


## **The Nature of AINEMT rides scheduling efficiency**
So what the current system does is it allows the scheduler to focus on core business. Everything that's within that sphere that you really want to concentrate on, it is really where you're making your money. Then any asset or any drives that cannot be scheduled into that core business go into those assets. And what this allows the scheduler to do is look at those ghost assets and say, well, I've got an extra car. I've got an extra person. The finances work out, but the rides are already scheduled, so you don't have to worry about that. Or it allows the scheduler to say, I don't, those rides don't make any sense for me, but I have a subcontractor, maybe who can do that. Or it allows the scheduler to look at those rides and say, we can't do them for whatever the reason is, whether it's, you know, I don't have an asset, I don't have a driver, I don't have a financial incentives aren't there. Whatever the reasons are, it allows you to take the noise out of your core business and just focus on the core business. Anything is ancillary to dot that's extra. Then it allows you to say, I've got an asset, I've got a driver and I've got seven rides left over. And they're all over the place. 

 so you've got an asset you've got a driver you've got seven rides left over it allows the schedule to look at that those extra rides as a run and say yes it makes sense I have an asset I have a driver these rides are all over the place but financially it makes sense or I need to keep that driver busy because I don't want to lose that driver because it's a slow day and I have to lay them up whatever you're reasoning are allows you to say I've got an extra run or it allows you to say I can sub this out to somebody else or it allows you to say I don't have anybody to do it or I just can't do it for whatever reasons and then send it back to whoever the paying the paying source is and say sorry we're just unable to fit these in and it allows you to do it ahead of time to meet the rules of the various brokerages

 About, you know, their various timeframes brokerages say if you're going to give us the right back, it has to be within 24, 48 hours. It allows to schedule it to do that with ease and it just takes all the pain out of making decisions. You know, instead of having, you know, 60% of your, your schedule done and then having a scheduler go, OK, I've got over many rides, 40, 50, 60 rides left, but I have to figure out that takes hours and hours and hours. This way, it's all done for you and you can just make decisions about what you want to do and what you don't want to do. 


 ## **Why software like this is unique and necessary for NEMT:**
 The reason that ALTR is superior to other types of software, the report to do any NEMT is because any NEMT transportation, any ennemers symmetrical transportation, is a very different kind of transportation from other sorts of conveyors. For example, it's not freight, freight, that's completely different way of going about it. It's not fixed route. It's not a bus that goes from here to here on a fixed route and everybody else to conform to that. Lift and Uber are closer to what any NEMT does, but any NEMT has very different rules than Uber and Lyft and so far, at least Uber and Lyft have not been willing to conform to the specific necessities of any NEMT, which again, what makes ALTR so valuable is it is focused on the needs of the any MT industry, and it was created by people who actually work in the any NEMT industry. 

 So how does NEMT transportation differentiated with other types of transportation? NEMT has a unique set of rules. It has a definitive pickup time and of our system, a definitive return time so that the day can be scheduled efficiently and effectively. With all other forms of transportation, that's not the case. With freight, they move at their own pace depending on a variety of different circumstances. With fixed route, they run on a specific schedule from one point to another where riders have to get to them. With Uber and Lyft, yes, they do go to wherever the person is, but they only wait five minutes and then if you're somehow mis your appointment, you've got to wait for your next Uber and Lyft, which could take hours. Uber and Lyft just does not conform to NEMT. NEMT is we're definitive pickup time and our system definitive return time, and then adjustments are made within the program itself for any disruptions, any waiting time, but we do have to take into account. These are sick people, these are disabled people, they have a variety of needs, a variety of circumstances, we'll get in the way of getting them picked up and drop off on time, our system accounts for that, our system fixes the problem that NEMT fixes the problems that other kinds of transportation cannot provide.

 
 ## **The justification of setting discrete return times for all rides:**
 ALTR is different than a lot of other NEMT software in the sense that it ALTR, sorry, for the pun. It ALTR the behavior of the NEMT company. So for example, most NEMT companies take as many appointments as they possibly can, put it in their system because that's how they're going to make the most money. And then all of the return rides are a will call, meaning that the customer or the patient, wherever your vernacular has to call for their return ride, which means 49's chaos. You've got, you know, who's available, where are they available? When are they going to be available? What ALTR does, and depends upon, is setting an appointment time and setting a return time for that appointment. There are various ways to do that, which we will go into in a different bullet point, but we're a different talk. But ALTR needs that information in order to be scheduled, the most efficient rides, or schedule rides the most efficiently. What happens if an appointment time gets missed, then they go to will call, and then there are various scenarios in which we can make sure that the person waiting for their return doesn't have to wait more than 30 minutes, more than 45 minutes, whatever the parameters of the broker are, or the particular paying organization, and to fly.  

## **Why should We hire you**
The reason that I'm a better candidate than probably most other people you'll interview is my background. Not only do I have a full set, a full suite of AI skills, but I have worked in NEMT for the last 17 years. I know the industry inside and out. I know what the pain points are, and I know what NEMT operators they've had as owners of these companies are looking for because I've lived it. I know what they need and how badly they need it.

## ALTR IS A FOCUSED TOOL RATHER THAN A GENERAL PURPOSE SOLUTION WITH LACKS FOCUS IN THE NEMT SPACE
It's not a one size fits all like NVidia which is designed to be a general purpose tool but doesn't  address specific needs of NEMT providers. cuOPT for example is designed for non-specific transportation rather than focusing a model set on each individual NEMT company resulting in their specific needs being facilitated.

# Why is ALTR better than anything else
It was build to relieve the pain points that we faced every day.
Addresses the actual pain points of NEMT providers. ALTRs better than any other solution that we're aware of because ALTR was built by transportation by NEMT transportation professionals for NEMT transportation providers. We understand what the pain points are. We understand what just drove us crazy running our business. And so ALTR is a part of its suite of solutions that we developed to relieve the transportation provider from the tedious time consuming elements of its business or her business, and allow them to go to 30,000 feet, take a look at what's going on and operate their business profitably, and a comment.  Why ALTR is different from NVIDIA cuOPT

# How much should you say in the interview about proprietary methods?


# Summary of the NEMT problem
NEMT differs from other forms of transportation in that the needs of the riders are very, very specific. So to be to saint, everything in transportation has an origin point and it does the nation point. It's what happens between those two points that makes NEMT different. NEMT has riders who are not ambulatory. They're confined to wheelchairs. NEMT has riders that have to be transported and gurneys and all of these things take more time and attention than your average form of transportation. For example, most Uber and Lyft vehicles are not even equipped for NEMT. So NEMT makes longer to do has a more specific needs. It's much more nuanced than your average transportation situation and that you have to know when people need to be picked up, you have to know when they need to be delivered and you need to know when they're going to come home. And that is the difference between NEMT and other types of transportation and the comment. 

# Pushback against assigned willcall return times
The reason that altar does not utilize will call returns is twofold. One, the customer, we can as ascertain when the customer needs to return from an appointment using a rules-based system that we have. This provides better service, higher customer satisfaction, which results in return rides. As opposed to a will call system where the rider has to make a call, let us know when they're done, and then wait for a vehicle to become available. The problem with that is often times riders will wait 45 minutes an hour, hour and a half, two hours for a vehicle to become available, which violate most broker's rules about returns. Most brokers say you have to return the individual within a half an hour or an hour of the time that they call. Will call returns are not conducive to that rule. With will call returns, the provider, transportation provider will often run a foul of the rules of the broker and pay a penalty. 

# how much compensation and why I can justify it.

# Why do you want to work at Mediroutes
As somebody who has participated in the NEMT industry for the last 17 years, I've had the opportunity to demo almost every product that's out there on the market (Routingbox, NEMT Cloud, WellRyde, etc...). And what I've concluded is, everybody lies. Everybody tells you they can do something, but they can't deliver on that promise. However, my experience with many routes is when I ask a question that gets answered, when I'm asked if you can do something, you say, yes, no, maybe we're working on it. But the bottom line is, many routes doesn't lie. Many routes is the only company that I've had the experience of working with the integrity and the truthfulness that demonstrates a strong foundation in a very strong culture. And it's one of the main reasons I want to work here is I want to work with people who have demostrated integrity in this space. 